Updates to Instances page (#4708)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/instances.mdx

<span id="standard-plan"></span>
## Pay-As-You-Go Plan instance

> The Pay-As-You-Go Plan is a paid plan. To use this plan, you must create an instance and assign it to the plan. All workloads sent to QPUs by using this plan incur a charge. Pay-as-you-go instances have a total cost limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pay-As-You-Go Plan is a paid plan. To use this plan, you must create an instance and assign it to the plan. All workloads sent to QPUs by using this plan incur a charge. Pay-as-you-go instances can have a total cost limit (optional).
```

> The jobs you run and the jobs run by other collaborators in the same instance count toward the reported usage for that instance. You can view an instance's usage on the [Instances](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/instances) page, or, for those with the proper authority, the [Analytics](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/analytics) page.  Note that the pages might show different usage numbers because the Instance page shows total usage prior to the current timestamp, while the Analytics page uses full-day boundaries.

Reviewer: This paragraph is true for all the plans, do we need to repeat it on every plan?

<span id="flex-plan"></span>
## Flex Plan instance

> The Flex Plan is a paid plan. To use this plan, you must first [Contact IBM](https://www.ibm.com/account/reg/us-en/signup?formid=MAIL-quantum) to sign up. Then, create an instance and assign it to the plan. All workloads sent to QPUs by using this plan incur a charge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flex Plan is a paid plan. To use this plan, you must first [Contact IBM](https://www.ibm.com/account/reg/us-en/signup?formid=MAIL-quantum) to sign up. Then, create an instance and assign it to the plan. All workloads sent to QPUs by using this plan count toward your alloted subscription. 
```
